And as it says at the end of the passage,
critique of this work by German poet,
Friedrich von Schiller…
[Yu] Give me a break, Mr. Yamamoto!
You've called me every week!
What the hell are you trying to do here,
work me to death?
So sorry, Yu.
But they say it's really urgent.
And you're all that we've got.
[Director Yamamoto] I have to go
to headquarters for other business now.
So someone else is going to have
to brief you on this mission.
[Yu] No, I've missed way
too much school as it is.
If I take more time off,
they're going to hold me back!
Oh well, I thought you already gave up
on moving to the next grade.
Of course not!
But if I do fail, it's all your fault!
[Director Yamamoto] Okay, okay.
And after this job wraps up,
I'll get you a special tutor at ARCAM.
Do the briefing
while you're in the helicopter.
-I'm counting on you. Bye!
-Mr. Yamamoto, no, I can't. I…
[snarls]
[Yu] Damn it!
-[students chattering in background]
-Oh?
[Hatsuho] What reason could you possibly
have for leaving early today, Yu Ominae?
Uh, well, I…
Yeah, I've got a stomachache, so I…
Yeah, right.
Ominae, have you given up on school?
No, of course I haven't!
Honestly, why is everyone so worried--
Hm?
Mm…
Hey, Okabe, what's going on?
[Okabe]
This Friday, please come to school.
Huh? What did you say?
[whimpers]
Um, this Friday, please…
Please come to school, okay?
[all gasp]
[Okabe sobbing]
[somber music]
What's going on with her?
You didn't hear?
Okabe is changing schools after this week.
So what's Friday?
[grunts]
Typical from the eternal truant.
The sports festival.
Okabe wants you there.
And that means
that you had better be there!
The what?
Say you'll come for Okabe at least.
Come on, she's on the festival committee
and it's her last day.
Yeah, but I have a thing.
-[Hatsuho grunts]
-[Yu shrieks]
I don't care how you do it. Just be there!
Please come for Okabe.
[Yu snarls]
Fine, I'll be there. Right.
When is it again?
We just said it's on Friday.
[Hatsuho] You could look at
the school event's calendar for once.
Yeah, I can make that work.
-[Yu] All right.
-[both chuckle]
[Yu] I'll be at your
sports festival thing.
I might be a little bit late though.
[Yu] So put me on the anchor leg
of the relay.
Sure.
You show up late and I'll kill you.
[explosions]
[guns rattling]
[panting]
Yeah, yeah. I can make it work.
I can make it…
[explosions continue]
You gotta be kidding!
Would've been nice to know about this
in the briefing, Director!
[Yu] Of all the times,
the Berserker shows up now!
[opera music]
[narrator] Here, there is a single plate.
The message it carries
is a warning to us in the present.
From an advanced ancient civilization
that grew too advanced
and was destroyed.
This is their message.
"Protect our heritage from the wicked."
Trusting in this message,
one organization strives
to keep the advanced
ancient civilization sealed away.
The special operatives
of that organization are called
"Spriggan."
[theme music]
BERSERKER
[truck hissing]
[personnel]
You've done it, Professor Mauser.
This might prove our extraterrestrial
archaeology theory.
It's an incredible artifact.
[Mauser] Indeed!
It's a wonder
built by an ancient civilization.
Unrecorded to the history of humanity.
With knowledge far superior to our own.
They created the OOPArt
that we shall now resurrect.
-[explosion]
-[all grunting]
[grunts in annoyance]
I dislike relying on military assistance.
[Mauser] But today,
we shall rewrite history is nigh.
[Angel 21 soldier] Scorpion
has identified the target OOPArts.
We predict that the enemy
is going to move the target
using a large aircraft carrier.
At present, unit Bravo
is engaging the enemy at Point 1-4,
600 meters from the airbase.
[guns firing]
The enemy is putting up
a strong resistance.
Units Alpha, Bravo, and Charlie
are all struggling to get any closer
to the base.
[explosion]
[soldier grunting]
This is Bravo leader to Sierra 1-9.
We're under heavy fire
and unable to get closer to the target.
[Bravo leader]
Change plan from Veloz to Sfera.
Sierra 1-9, break through
the perimeter from route Charlie
and move to the enemy facility
immediately.
That's easier said than done.
You think I'm sitting here just for kicks?
Damn it.
Now they've deployed a sniper team
in the area.
[Yu] Even with the Armored Muscle Suit,
if I miss a step out there,
I'm gonna take one in the head for sure.
[grunts]
Man, I really don't have time
for this today!
[tense music]
[gun firing]
[enemy soldier groans]
[groans]
[grunting]
[firing continues]
[groans]
[grunting]
[enemy soldier grunts]
[groans]
[blood splatters]
[groaning]
[exhales]
[soldier 1] OP Red, Yellow is breached.
Hold the line back. Move southwest.
[soldier 2]
Pack up the observation here, quickly!
Who is that guy?
Whoever the hell he is,
he's gotten through our formation.
Is that… Could it really be him?
It's him. The S-rank ARCAM agent,
Yu Ominae.
That's him?
That's Ominae?
Wait. We weren't informed
ARCAM'd send a Spriggan out here.
[soldier 3] Just what the hell is in
that freaking container?
I haven't been told any specifics either.
But now, it looks to me like
the SIS is involved.
What, MI6?
[soldier 4] On the surface,
ARCAM's mission is the preservation
of the world's historical artifacts.
But I hear underneath that,
they get foundation support
to dig up OOPArts with technology
far surpassing our own
and seal them away.
So if ARCAM has sent a Spriggan out here,
there's probably a relic
of an ancient civilization nearby.
Screw the guys up top,
making us deal
with moving this damn thing.
Orders from the CO.
New takeoff time, Atlas wheels up, 0430.
Mm.
Evacuate the wounded and then, regroup.
Work with the base guard team,
and drive the Spriggan to Point K.
Eliminate anyone who even gets close
to the runway.
SAS on my honor, we're gonna bury them!
[soldiers] Yes, sir!
[suspenseful music]
[Angel 21 soldier]
This is Angel 2-1 to Sierra 1-9.
We detected the heat signature
from the plane carrying the target.
They're planning
on taking it back to the UK.
Prevent the plane from taking off
and retrieve the target.
I repeat, retrieve the target.
Yeah, I heard you the first time!
[explosion]
[Yu grunting]
[sighs]
Stay down!
[squad leader]
Concentrate your fire power.
Team Two, circle around inside!
-[explosion]
-[shrieks]
[explosions continue]
[crumbling]
[Yu panting]
These bastards! They're destroying
the natural environment here.
[Yu grunts]
Shit!
-Fire!
-[weapon fires]
[gasps]
[explosion]
[groans]
-Got it!
-Nice shot!
[tense music]
[enemy soldier] What?
-[gunshot]
-[groans]
[gunshots continue]
[exclaiming]
[gunshots]
[yelps]
How many more?
How many more are you gonna make me kill?
[enemy soldier breathing heavily]
[Yu] Get out of here.
Get the hell out of here!
I won't say it again!
[whimpering]
[grunts]
[pilot] Control Tower, this is Atlas 0-1.
Requesting clearance for takeoff.
[control tower] Atlas 0-1,
enter runway 1-2 via taxiway A-3.
Wind 1-5-0 above the runway at nine knots.
[sighs]
Dammit!
[Yu grunts]
[tense music]
[grunting]
[guns rattling]
[Yu grunts]
[engine starts]
[Angel 21 soldier] The cargo plane
is in the final stages of takeoff
on the northwest runway.
Sierra 1-9, infiltrate the plane
and retrieve the target.
There's no time!
[Yu] I got to stop it from taking off!
[tense music]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[screeching]
[screaming]
[Yu groans]
[plane engine whirring]
[suspenseful music]
[music stops]
[panting]
Sierra 1-9 to Angel 2-1.
I was unable to retrieve the target.
Send me a chopper now, I'll catch them.
[control tower] Roger that.
LZ is at Point 4-0.
They'll reach you in 15 minutes.
Damn!
[helicopter whirring]
[Mauser] Is this a joke?
But we're the ones who excavated
the OOPArts out there!
Surrendering them all to the military
was not part of the deal!
[Mauser] Lieutenant Colonel Clemente--
I appreciate your concerns,
Professor Mauser.
Please understand
that we're endeavoring to help.
You call this help?
[Clemente] The object in question
has already garnered
too much international interest.
And if we had not retrieved it
when we did,
it would have been stolen by ARCAM.
I do understand
you suffered your own losses.
[Mauser grunts]
[Clemente] But anyway, Professor Mauser,
did you really imagine we would allow
your extraterrestrial archeology theory
to be made public?
[Mauser grunts]
We can't have our citizens panic
by unnecessary information, can we?
You all just want to use the OOPArts
to further the military
shady business deals.
You're all fools who can't see
their true value!
Perhaps you should keep in mind,
us fools are also the ones
providing you with facilities.
[knocks on door]
Excuse me, the object is ready
for analysis, Lieutenant Colonel.
Very well.
Professor, will you be joining us?
[Mauser snarls]
[suspenseful music]
[Yu] The high voltage fence, textbook,
and they've got the whole place covered
by an infrared laser security system.
Come on. All that money
and this is the best you could do?
All right, let's figure out
the best way to sneak in.
[suspenseful music]
[Mauser] Hm?
Lieutenant Colonel Maria Clemente…
top of your class at MIT
and got your Ph.D. at only 20.
You're a true genius
of mechanical engineering.
I never thought I'd see you
become a common military tech specialist.
The research I do here is for the peace
and safety of my country.
Besides, no sponsor has better perks
than the military.
Lieutenant Colonel, some preliminary data.
[technician]
Rough calculation showed the casing
has at least four times
the Vickers hardness of silicon carbide.
It won't allow us to scan
any of the interior.
It's a metal we've never seen before.
That's on par with the diamond.
However, we still know it to be
some sort of alloy, right?
[Clemente] Go ahead and run
a current through it as planned,
and measure its resistance.
What? S-Stop!
That is a new discovery that could
revolutionize archeological research.
If you damage--
We have one objective here, Professor.
We find out what that thing is
and we do it quickly.
-Huh?
-If it's really all that fragile,
then it's of no worth to you either.
I've had it! I'm not going to let you
carry on this way!
Now, return it!
-[gun cocks]
-[gasps]
Sorry. These are DIS orders.
They're top priority.
Therefore, your opinions
on this subject are irrelevant.
[Clemente] If you wish to remain
and observe, that is acceptable.
How dare you…
Inducing current.
[computer blaring]
[technician]
No change in electrical resistance.
Raising voltage.
[machine whirring]
[blaring]
-[lights shutting off]
-[people exclaiming]
[gasps]
-[Clemente] What happened?
-I… I don't know.
[technician]
The resistance suddenly dropped to zero!
-[electric crackling]
-[technicians shriek]
[loud crash]
[technicians coughing]
[steam hissing]
[technician 1]
What happened? I can't see the object!
[technician 2]
Wait, check for contamination!
Hey, look!
[gasps]
[Clemente] What is that?
Was it alive?
No, it's not alive!
[Mauser breathing nervously]
It's… It's…
a robot!
[laughs maniacally]
Well, would you look at that?
Oh, this is just astounding.
[Mauser] Do you see this?
Our dream for all these years!
The science of the old world.
-Now before our very eyes, it lives again!
-[gasps]
What is its power source? Its energy?
There's so much I want to know,
questions I need to ask.
[robot screeches]
[distant explosion]
Did their power just cut out?
Great.
[Yu grunts]
Well, here we go.
[tense music]
[alarm blaring]
[soldiers gasp]
[heavy metallic footsteps approaching]
[robot blaring]
[ground rumbles]
[grunts]
[alarm blaring continues]
[Yu] These guys weren't killed
with normal weapons.
Not a single one of them bled.
Looks like their wounds
were burned and carbonized.
Bunch of morons. They activated it.
Hm?
[gasps]
[footsteps]
[Clemente gasping]
[coughing]
[breathing heavily]
[Clemente shrieks]
[Yu] Oh, Lieutenant Colonel.
I'm impressed you got out in that state.
Let go, you damn Spriggan!
[Yu] Ding-ding-ding, that's me.
But I don't have time
to entertain you right now.
Where is it?
[gasps]
[Yu] Now that it's active, we have
to stop it fast before things get worse.
[both gasp]
[explosion]
[Yu grunting]
Run now!
[Clemente] Yeah, I know.
[tense music]
[gun rattling]
[gasps]
[laser blares]
[shrieks]
[grenade pin clicks]
-[metallic clang]
-[grunts]
[explosion]
[tense music]
[loud clang]
[heavy metallic footsteps]
This thing. Its laser is hot.
Hotter than Armored Muscle Suit's
max temperature resistance.
[Clemente] So tell me what happened?
Did you kill it?
Like hell I did.
Watch this.
[laser blares]
[Clemente gasps]
You get it now?
Not one of your weapons will even stand
a chance against this thing.
[Yu] So I suggest you run, now.
It's gonna kill everyone.
Spriggan, you're not thinking about
fighting that thing alone, are you?
Obviously. I mean, that is why I'm here.
[alarm blaring]
[scoffs]
You stupid kid.
-Huh?
-[Clemente] At least keep it distracted
before you die.
In the meantime, we'll gather our forces
and prepare to strike at it.
Wait, what?
[Yu] That's stupid.
Use that time to escape!
[robot eyes blaring]
[Yu] Get out now!
[clicks tongue]
[tense music]
[breathes deeply]
[Yu] My Orichalcum knife and your armor.
-Which one is stronger?
-[armor powers up]
Let's find out!
[suspenseful music]
[grunting]
It pierced it!
[yelps]
[grunts]
[Yu] My knife!
[shrieks]
[grunting]
Damn it!
[explosion]
[yelling]
[crashes]
You bastard!
[Yu] Go to hell!
[panting]
[Yu] That should keep it
immobilized for a while.
Huh?
Are you kidding?
[explosion]
[distant rumbling]
[soldier over radio]
The target is in C Block!
We have to surround it!
[soldiers panting]
[soldier] What is that?
-[explosion]
-[soldiers screaming]
[robot motor whirring]
[soldier shrieks]
[laser blares]
[soldiers screaming over radio]
[silence]
It can't be.
[gasps]
That's why I told you to get out of here.
You're really alive?
[Yu] I'm pretty sure
I gave you a clear warning.
Not to say I told you so, but here we are.
[grunts]
[Clemente] What on earth is that thing?
[Yu] A weapon for war.
From the ancient times.
Really?
Wars fought around the world long ago
became stories in the end,
passed down as text.
Genesis, the Mahabharata…
many weapons appear in those stories.
[Yu] Devices identical to modern weaponry
like missiles and tanks.
[metallic clang]
This thing is a weapon made
during that period.
Created using ancient technology,
the ultimate war machine.
ARCAM came up with a name
for this violent thing…
Berserker.
[snorts]
In my opinion, you and this Berserker
are exactly the same.
Just how many people have you let die
in the name of protecting
these ancient weapons?
[Clemente] Regardless, that thing
cannot be allowed to leave the base.
No matter the losses,
it is our duty to stop it.
You're talking like that now?
I'm sure ARCAM must've warned you,
told you how dangerous this is.
What are you talking about?
[sighs]
Everything is about putting
your country first now.
Am I right?
Let me make just one thing clear for you.
The Berserker is not the scariest part.
[Yu] The scariest part is the minds
of those who created it.
[ominous music]
[Clemente] So how do we stop it?
Damned if I know. You think of something.
[Clemente grunts]
Oh, man. Well, you're hopeless.
[Yu] Give me information, then.
Unless you want more people dead,
I need the base's blueprints.
-[keyboard clacks]
-[computer chimes]
What are you planning?
The Berserker
has a built-in self-destruct.
Self-destruct?
ARCAM sealed it away once already,
but it self-destructed
and destroyed the whole facility.
[Yu] This time we've got to hit it
before that happens.
Are you serious?
You're really going to fight it again?
What's this?
You're feeling concerned for a Berserker?
No, I didn't say that!
Anyway, there's a promise
that I need to keep.
And I guess there's no time
like the present.
A promise?
My school and my class mean a lot.
Maybe it's sentimental,
but I really like being there.
At school, I'm not a Spriggan,
I'm just Yu Ominae.
[Yu] It's the only place
I get to be normal.
[Yu] I told my friends I'd be there
and I can't break my promise to them.
Because if I'm not true to my word,
then I really am
no better than a Berserker.
[Yu] A war machine beyond saving.
And besides, I wanna treasure the time
I have at school, as much as I'm able to.
I'd like to be an angsty teenager
while I can.
[laughs]
[Clemente] An angsty teenager?
[Yu] What's so funny about that?
I just never imagined
that the infamous Spriggan, Yu Ominae,
would turn out to be such a sweet kid.
[chuckles]
Is that a problem?
Hurry up and show me
the damn base's layout.
Okay, okay. I'm doing it.
There's no need to yell.
[Yu snorts]
[computer blaring]
Bingo.
[Yu] This'll give me the perfect angle.
[tense music]
[Yu] The nuclear bunker in D Block,
level B-4
I'll lure it in there.
Then, I'll blast through
the ceiling of the bunker,
with these special bullets,
ARCAM-designed amorphous tungsten
high-velocity armor-piercers.
That should give us a chance.
[Clemente]
What will shooting through the ceiling do?
[Yu] That's for you to watch and find out.
How are you planning
to take this thing down?
Because that bunker can't withstand
any internal attacks.
You'll die in there.
Seriously, do you ever stop talking?
Just keep an eye
on the Berserker's movement.
[grunts]
Why do I have to listen to this kid?
[Berserker's eyes blaring]
Okay!
[Clemente] The Berserker will enter
D Block in 90 seconds.
Wait at Point D-3.
Roger that.
[tense music]
[gasps]
[heavy metallic footsteps]
[Clemente] What's happening?
[Yu] What's going on?
Did you mess something else up?
No, the bulkheads
just opened by themselves.
[Clemente] Oh, no…
the Berserker,
it's going to get out of the base!
I'm sorry. What did you just say?
Shut up! I'm trying to find the cause.
[beeping]
How? But that can't…
This is serious!
[Yu] If that thing gets out,
who knows what destruction it'll cause.
Someone is manipulating
the base's functions.
If I can reach the main controls…
[Yu] I'll leave that to you! Okay?
You have to take back control of the base.
I'm aware.
[gun clicks]
[soldier 1] The target is behind
the bulkhead and advancing on us.
Here it comes.
[soldier 2] All units, ready to fire.
[soldier 1] Open fire
as soon as the bulkhead opens.
Hit it with everything you've got.
We stop it here!
Fire!
[guns firing]
[laser blares]
[gasps]
[distant explosion]
[panting]
Freeze!
Professor Mauser?
[Clemente] It can't be!
[laughs]
Oh, Lieutenant Colonel.
[Mauser] Take a look at this horror.
[breathing heavily]
Because of you, my colleagues are dead.
[Mauser]
How are you going to answer for this?
[Clemente]
Why don't we figure that one out later?
You have to close all of those bulkheads.
If the Berserker's able to get out,
the towns below will be annihilated.
And you really think
that would be the end of it, do you?
[gasps, grunts]
[Mauser] I know I don't have long to live.
But I intend to make you people
answer for all of this.
I have worked too damn hard
to find this OOPArt
to not let the whole world know
of its existence.
When the world lays eyes on that thing,
you won't be able to cover up
our extraterrestrial
archeology theory any longer!
That's enough!
-[gunshot]
-[gasps]
[laughs]
None of that, Lieutenant Colonel.
You have to stick around
and watch this show too.
[grunts]
[rattling]
You fools!
-[explosion]
-[soldier groans]
[soldier 1]
Any word from the control room?
[soldier 2] No luck.
They're not responding.
[soldier 1] Dammit!
What on earth is going on here?
[gasps]
Ominae Megaton Kick!
[explosion]
Now's your chance to run!
[Yu] It reacts to living humans.
I'll take it from here.
[tense music]
[Berserker's laser blares]
Here!
[grunts]
[explosion]
[smoke hissing]
[Yu] Yikes, that was close.
And now to see if it follows me.
[yelps]
[shrieks]
[Yu] Phew…
It's a good thing I have better
than average reflexes.
[Berserker whirring]
[grunting]
[explosion]
Damn it! Lieutenant Colonel! Do you copy?
I've run into a dead-end down here!
[Yu] Find me an escape route. Hurry!
Hey, are you there?
Come in, Lieutenant Colonel!
[gasps]
Answer me! Come on, Lieutenant Colonel!
-There's a duct behind you.
-[gasps]
Go down it!
[yelling]
[rumbles]
It almost had me!
[Yu] What took you so long?
Shut up! You went the wrong way, kid.
That's on you!
[Yu] Hey,
I was about to get burned to a crisp!
If you don't want to die,
be quiet and listen to me!
[Clemente]
Continue for 30 meters and turn left.
[Clemente] Then, if you go straight ahead,
you'll be at D Block.
[Yu] Yes!
That's the nuclear bunker!
[Berserker's motor revving]
[Clemente] It's already caught up to you!
Hurry up! After Point D-4,
you'll see the entrance to the bunker!
I'll distract it so you don't get
into its line of sight.
[gasps]
[Clemente] Too late. It's in front of you!
[explosion]
[blaring]
[yelling]
[Yu] Now, Lieutenant Colonel!
Close the bunker's bulkhead!
[Yu] Hurry!
[Yu yelling]
That's it.
[gunshots]
Come on!
[steam hissing]
All right, then.
I've done everything I possibly can.
[loud metallic clang]
[Yu] Now it's just you and me.
Let's see which Berserker
makes it out alive.
[Yu] Ready?
[explosion]
Now!
[laser blaring]
[laughs]
[Yu] Moron.
A little science lesson for you.
Lasers lose their energy
when you fire them through air,
especially when it's dense
humid air like this!
Got it!
[grunts]
Now… you die!
[metallic screeching]
[clangs]
[Berserker's power shuts off]
[Clemente] Is it… over?
[beeping]
[Yu] Oh, shit.
It entered self-destruct mode!
-[Yu] Lieutenant Colonel!
-[gasping]
[beeping]
[Clemente] Run faster, kid!
Why don't you quit yelling at me
and seal the damn bunker?
I can't. There's no time.
Don't you dare give up!
[Yu] Just one more block!
[blares]
[explosion]
[gasps]
[distant explosion]
[grunting, gasps]
Come in, Spriggan! Are you still there?
[Clemente] Can you hear me, Spriggan?
Dammit!
That's what happens when you let
some kid barge in without a plan.
You said you won't break your promise?
How are you going to keep it
if you're dead?
[Clemente] What happened
to treasuring your student life?
What happened to being an angsty teenager?
Come on, say something!
[somber music]
-[Yu] Shut up!
-[gasps]
Stop yelling about all of that mushy crap!
Spriggan, I don't get it. How did you…
[Yu] It was a close shave,
but I got out through a maintenance hatch.
Any ordinary human
would be a pile of ashes.
Although, maybe this time
I was just plain lucky.
Maybe so.
[Clemente]
Hold on, aren't you late for your thing?
Huh? No way! That's the time?
Yeah, so I'm thinking you should probably
get a move on, kid.
Our reinforcements are on the way.
[Yu] There's no need to tell me twice.
[dramatic music]
Hey, Spriggan…
[Yu sighs]
What is it now?
[Clemente] Thank you.
I'm going to pay you back for this.
So just… can you please promise me that
we'll see each other again?
[grunts]
What was that?
I can't hear you, Lieutenant Colonel.
Hey, Lieutenant Colonel!
[heart monitor beeping]
[doctor] Ms. Clemente, you're awake?
Where am I?
You're recovering
at the Birmingham Health Center.
You had a very serious bullet wound
in your left side.
But fortunately,
it seems you received proper first aid.
-Huh?
-[doctor] Whoever treated you was good.
One mistake and you'd have bled out.
[Clemente] That kid…
Hello, Lieutenant Colonel,
how are you feeling?
Director?
That was quite the misadventure.
To think Shropshire Base
would be attacked by terrorists.
Terrorists?
No, Director, it was…
-[director] Lieutenant Colonel.
-[gasps]
The UK government
has already issued a statement
declaring that this was the work
of a far-right extremist group.
Naturally, we see it the same way
here at DIS.
There was no OOPArt
or any other object brought here.
So if you wish to continue your research,
you will cease these fanciful ideas.
[footsteps receding]
[dramatic music]
[Yu] The Berserker
is not the scariest part.
The scariest part is the minds
of those who created it.
[chuckles]
[Clemente] That kid.
[Clemente]
He's too smart for his own good.
31ST SHOGAKUKAN DAISAN HIGH SCHOOL
SPORTS DAY
[indistinct announcement over PA]
Hatsuho, that was great.
You even beat one of the boys' times.
Did Ominae show up?
Mm-mm.
Uh look, don't worry about it.
You know he's not the kind of guy
who would break a promise.
-[sighs]
-[Hatsuho] I think.
[announcer] At last, our final event,
the class versus class relay!
Everyone, please give it your all.
Ominae, he didn't come.
On your marks! Get set!
-[toy gun fires]
-[crowd cheering]
[announcer] And they're off,
the relay racing in underway!
-[panting]
-Here!
[teenage boy grunting]
[Kagaho whimpers]
What should we do?
Our anchor, he's not here.
[screams angrily]
What's your problem, Yu?
Get your stupid butt here already!
-[motor engine revving]
-[gasps]
You need me? I'm here! Ta-da-ra-da!
-Ominae!
-Where have you been?
And what's with those bandages?
I got burned. Okabe!
[shrieks]
Uh, hi!
Just you wait. Ready?
'Cause I'm about to win this thing.
[grunts]
[panting]
-[Yu] Over here!
-[gasps]
[teenage boy] Ominae!
Go!
[yelling]
[announcer] The Class B anchor
is setting an incredible pace!
He's overtaken Classes A, F, and C
in one go!
Oh, wow! Even injured, he's amazing.
Go! Just one more!
[lively music]
Oh? He's slowing down.
Hey, jerkface! Overtake that guy!
[Hatsuho] Win, you bastard!
The cruelty I endure.
[Hatsuho] Just a little further!
[whimpers]
[Okabe] Please, God!
-[groans]
-[yelping]
[Yu grunts]
[camera shutter clicking]
[Yu grunting]
[groans]
[announcer]
The winner is second year, Class B!
[both] He did it!
[exclaims excitedly]
[cries]
[exhales heavily]
That's it for me.
[Yu] I'm dying.
[closing theme music]
Subtitle translation by: Zensho Yamamoto